Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[SERENE INSTRUMENTAL
MUSIC PLAYING]
[MUSIC INCREASES IN TEMPO]
[ENTHRALLING INSTRUMENTAL
MUSIC PLAYING]
[CUB GROANS]
[MUSIC STOPS]
[RON BEATBOXING]
TINA: I love you guys...
Ew!
You told me this is gonna be
some little simple stroll
through the forest.
Treat me like I'm some
goddamn mountain climber.
You know. you guys
are really starting
to piss me off now.
Oh. my God. I've got a
blister on my big toe.
Come on. Tina.
do me a small favor.
-What?
-Put a lid on it.
Temporarily...
-Real nice. I'm sorry...
-I'm just trying to make
my trip
a little easier
for my sake.
-You know you love me.
-I know.
-RON: Top it off with
the great evening.
-It's great.
-A great evening
of wonderful music.
-TINA: Wonderful.
TINA: It's really great.
I love it. Now there's
a helicopter after us.
What is this?
We're gonna get
thrown in jail now?
My God. I've got bites
all over my legs.
Now you're talking
about jail.
-Oh. you know.
I love camping.
-LANCE: Now. Tina...
-It's great. I can't wait
till the concert.
-Tina...
LANCE: Shut up.
Oh. Come on.
cut it out.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Tina. you didn't say
that last night.
Well. I didn't walk
20 miles last night either.
Just like you were
saying. bud.
Camping's gonna make
her a wild woman. eh?
[CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY]
Lance. would you just
be a darling and clean
up for me?
-Fine. But you know...
-Thanks.
Only for you.
Why shouldn't I?
That's right. I know you
love me. Lance.
RON: I love you.
[RON AND TINA
GIGGLING AND MUMBLING]
LANCE: Hey. just
give Lance
a trash bag and...
all your problems
are solved. right?
Good old Lance
the trash man.
RON: Why don't we slip
into something a little
more comfortable?
[BOTH MUMBLING]
[GRIZZLY GROWLING]
LANCE: Do me one small
favor. would you please?
Keep the noise level
down a little bit.
[GROWLING]
Suppose we could do that.
[TINA LAUGHS]
I'm gonna...
[MUSIC CONTINUES]
[RON HUMMING]
[GROWLING]
[INDISTINCT]
TINA: Do you
hear that noise?
Lance. not funny.
[GROWLING]
[BOTH SCREAMING]
[MUSIC CONTINUES]
I realize I did promise
you two an evening of privacy.
Well. a squirrel
got a little antsy.
things really weren't
working out.
[GROWLING]
[YELLING]
Jesus Christ!
Somebody help me!
NICK: Due to this
rock concert.
there's gonna be
a major shift
in your assignments.
Now. I know you all
have your districts
to supervise.
but we're gonna get
anywhere between
80. maybe 100.000 kids
pouring into Grover Meadow
for this concert.
Therefore. until
the concert is over.
and the crowd
is totally dispersed.
I'm gonna need you
to function as
security officers.
Anybody have
a question?
Why is Draygon
allowing a concert
at a national park?
-It's for money.
isn't it?
-No comment.
Sometimes I feel like
Patton with these guys.
-Yeah. they're pretty
scared of you.
-Really?
-Yeah.
-That's good.
-100.000 kids.
That's not so good.
-Yeah.
Tell you. all my years
of liberty.
I never had this kind
of mob to contend with.
What are you talking
about. Nick?
I know the Statue
of Liberty.
And there are more
than two million people
who visit that thing.
Yeah. a year.
Maybe you get
15-20.000 a day.
Where you off to?
I want to see that
stage manager.
Charlie Hill.
I want to see what kind
of security this guy brought.
[ENGINE REVS]
Oh. you work out
the duty roster
with the men. okay?
I'll get it done.
Oh. Jimmy. I'm so sorry
not to get to you sooner.
but I've been swamped.
You'll please forgive me.
but I've got something
to tell you that
you're gonna find
really interesting.
You know. I know
you've been wanting
to meet
privately with
Senator Thornton
for a long time.
Well. I can fix it.
No. not in Washington.
Here at Summit.
Saturday at my
rock concert.
Yes. in person.
And the first thought
to cross my mind
was that
I should invite
you too.
Can you make it?
Good.
Don't thank me now. Jimmy.
I'll tell you
when and how.
Land Sat-2 satellite.
which monitors much
of North America.
orbits 560 miles
above the park.
The data is sent to NASA.
and then it's relayed to us.
From that. we traced
the animals' food supply.
I see. And are we
in grizzly territory now.
Miss Owen?
Yes. we have been
for the past five miles.
-Ah!
-[CHUCKLES]
You mean we're
in danger?
Oh. no. no. no.
Not if you observe
a few simple rules.
Like heed
the posted signs
and never approach
a grizzly.
And don't leave food
and garbage out in the open.
Well. if you don't bother
the grizzlies. they won't
bother you.
Tell me. Miss Owen.
how long have you been
-director of. what is it?
-Bear Management.
Bear Management. right.
up here in Summit Park?
-Almost four years.
-Uh-huh.
Next. you're going
to ask me if
I like it. right?
-Well...
-I love it.
And what's
a nice girl like you...
-BOTH: ...doing in a place
like this?
-Right.
[GRIZZLY ROARING]
[THUDDING AND CLANGING]
I know. I've seen him
passing it around.
But what they do.
that's more than enough.
You know. I haven't seen
Fran around today.
Oh. now look.
don't blow your cool.
But that's because
I think she overslept.
I know she's sorry.
That's the last time.
You tell her she can
watch this concert
from the audience.
She's not working
here again.
I need some help.
Hey. You wanna
help us out?
Who. me?
Yeah. You.
What's your name?
-Chrissy.
-You want a job?
-Oh. I'd love it.
You know how
to operate a phone?
Both dial and push-button.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
[ROARING]
EILEENE: Mr. Hill.
Now. what the hell
do you want?
Eileene Draygon
Superintendent of Summit.
Eileen. I'm sorry.
I...
Welcome to the wonderful world
of rock and roll.
Thank you.
I don't know
if you're aware of it.
but a great deal depends
on the success of this concert.
Well. I am aware.
Then why? Then why
is everything in such
total disorder?
I have some guests.
some very important
people coming.
And if they were
to see this mess.
I can't answer
for the consequences.
Miss Draygon.
I've put on
dozens of shows
just like this.
And that's the way it goes.
right up to the last moment.
Now. I would suggest
that you run your park.
Let me run my concert.
Hey. Drew.
What happened
to you. cowboy?
You look like
you just saw
a ghost.
Flesh. blood.
LUKE: Where's Harvey. Drew?
Where's my brother?
Your brother is dead. man.
LUKE: No!
Oh. God.
-How big did you say
that bear was?
-DREW: Big as this tree.
If it were that big. it'd
probably bring a lot of money.
don't you...
Bear that big
would bring 100.000
bucks in Frisco.
My brother's dead.
you're talking about money?
-Goddamn you.
-Well. let's go
get the bear.
He's right. Luke.
Your brother's dead.
You know. Luke.
uh. $25.000 apiece.
Let's go get
the bear. okay?
[GRUNTS]
NICK: The hell you think
happened here?
PETE: Bear gall bladder.
NICK: What?
PETE: It's something
poachers go far.
They sell it to dealers
in San Francisco's Chinatown.
Some people think that
bear gall bladder
has aphrodisiac powers.
Anyway. they sure
get a good price for it.
Sam's gonna
hit the roof.
There ain't nothing
she hates more than
people killing animals.
A bear cub
at that.
-NICK: That's a bear track.
-Yeah.
That thing's enormous.
Well. what do you
want to do?
We're gonna track
this grizzly and we're
gonna kill it.
A handful of men?
-Nick. this park covers
more than 3000 square miles.
-I know that.
I'm gonna get more men
out of Draygon.
Miss Draygon. There's been
an incident over at
Holbrook Valley.
I think we better
talk about it.
I don't have time
to talk about it now.
Time  magazine has arrived.
A man has been killed
by a grizzly. apparently
a very large one.
I just can't talk
about it now.
I don't think
you understand.
We have a special situation
here between the concert
and this killing.
You have
to deal with it.
And don't talk to the press.
Well. my security guys
will be stationed
mainly in front
of the stage
to protect my performers
from those animals
out there.
And. uh. sometimes.
they got to go out
in the audience.
stop a fight. you know.
But they don't have
any official status.
They don't carry any weapons
and they can't arrest anyone.
How many men
did you bring?
For this one.
we got...
Hey. Bernie. How much
muscle did we hire?
-Oh. I'll say
about 50. Charlie.
-50.
We'll be short men.
Well. maybe this concert
will be okay.
I mean. some concerts
are okay. no?
Yeah. one second. Yeah?
MAN: Watch my position.
stage right.
CHARLIE: Stage right.
I got you covered.
-On your wings.
-MAN: Yeah.
Excuse me.
When I found out
you hired my
daughter. Chrissy...
Chrissy? Chrissy's
your daughter?
-Yeah.
-You're kidding.
-No.
-Wow.
-Nice girl.
-Yeah. she's a good kid.
I mean. her mother's
not around to take
care of her anymore.
You know. I'd
like her to...
well. stay a nice kid.
you know?
You daddies. Look.
She's. uh...
she's young. She's cute.
She's having a ball out here.
Look. I'm gonna
keep a special
eye on her.
You'll keep a special
Okay.
-Hey!
-Yeah.
-Guess what?
-What?
-Chrissy's daddy.
-[QUACKS]
Ah! I've been
looking for you.
-Yeah?
-Mm-hmm. I got a job.
-I know you got a job.
-You're a go-fer.
-What?
-You go for this.
you go for that.
-You go for your old man?
-Mm-hmm. in a big way.
-Oh. yeah? Let me have a kiss.
-Mm.
Listen. Chrissy.
-I've always trusted you.
-Mm-hmm.
That's because you've
never given me a reason
not to trust you.
It's these guys
that I don't trust.
So. if you have
any kind of problem.
I want you to call
the ranger station.
I'll be here in 10 minutes.
-Okay. Okay.
-All right.
-You be careful.
-Okay.
I'll see you tonight.
-Yes.
-Okay. You have fun.
Bye. bye.
Hey. guys. Great spot
for a pit down here.
[GUNSHOT]
[BIRDS SQUAWKING]
-[GUNSHOT]
-[CHUCKLES]
All right. listen up. men.
You all know
Samantha Owens.
She's gonna give us
a brief on these tranquilizers.
Please listen
to me carefully.
The grizzly we're
seeking is huge.
obviously powerful
and probably enraged.
If you spot her.
keep your distance
and fire one of these
tranquilizer darts into her.
Use bullets for
self-defense only.
A grizzly of this size
would have such
a thick skull
that an ordinary bullet
might not stop her anyway.
The second you spot her.
radio the rest of the unit
and give a precise
description of where
you're located.
-Yes?
-It's Nick.
Door's open.
How you doing?
Rough day. huh?
-Want some coffee?
-Sam. look. I know how
you feel about the grizzlies.
Each grizzly is precious.
If it's wounded.
it has to be nursed
back to health.
We locate it.
we tranquilize it.
we relocate it.
That's the procedure.
You can't let
this bear roam around.
-You can't
relocate your animal.
-You try to...
Will you try to understand
what has happened here?
Sal has reared her cub
for a year and a half.
and then some bastard
trucked out here
and butchered it?
The sow found him
and killed him.
That's nature.
That's even human nature.
One single sow
represents perhaps five percent
of the next generation's
grizzlies in this park.
You want to destroy that?
That's not what
I wanna do. Sam.
I just don't want
anyone else killed.
If someone murdered Chrissy
when she was a baby.
how would you feel?
Mm? What would
you have done?
All right. listen.
Whether you're
gonna use tranquilizers.
whether you're
gonna use bullets.
it doesn't matter.
because we have
another problem.
We don't know
where the bear is.
NICK: Poor kids never
had a chance.
SAMANTHA: Poor dumb kids.
They must have passed
a dozen warning signs.
God. why didn't they
pay attention?
-We found a third body.
-Mutilated like the other two?
Yeah.
The grizzly's wounded.
She's got to be.
It's the only explanation.
We also found
some broken branches
a good 18 feet
off the ground.
Wait a minute.
That makes this
bear awful big.
Yeah. This could be one
of the times when
we call in Bouchard.
-Who's Bouchard?
-A French Indian guy.
Just about the best
grizzly trapper to ever live.
Yeah. I know him.
He's one of the cruelest
grizzly trappers.
Depends how you
look at it.
One thing's for certain.
This Bouchard.
he knows what he's doing.
He's got guts.
Why. I've seen him go up
against a grizzly with his
bare hands. lasso it.
wrestle it down and kill it.
Great. Pete. Maybe
we can sell tickets.
-NICK: Sam.
-Maybe.
I never yet heard
of a grizzly got
away from him.
Amazing guy. Bouchard.
Move the men out.
-Live ammo. be careful.
-Yeah.
-No more tranquilizers. Sam.
-Nick. no!
It's too late
for that now.
No. Now. I feel
as bad as you do.
But this grizzly is not...
She's not truly
guilty of anything.
She's just behaving
according to a natural instinct.
Explain that
to the kids' parents. Sam.
Yeah.
Let's do some
up on the tower.
NICK: Ms. Draygon?
You have something
to say to me.
put it in a memo.
I can't put this in a memo.
I can't have this filed
away somewhere.
-What happened now?
-Grizzly killed again.
Three kids this time.
Who knows this?
-What?
-Who knows about it?
You know about it.
I know about it.
My men know about it.
I don't want a cloud of fear
on this concert.
Now. you get that grizzly.
and get it now.
Fine. I need 20 more men.
I'll have them back
for your concert.
You can't have them.
I'm not gonna have
anything mar this concert.
You and I know
what can happen at concerts.
and it's not going
to happen here.
Well. you can call in
state troopers. At least
you could do that.
And have this look
like a military operation?
Who cares
what it looks like?
Four people are dead!
Hollister. You take
care of it.
People are dying.
and you're not gonna help?
You're so sick.
Here's to the bear. huh?
[CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY]
-Boo!
-[LAUGHING]
You guys met
the new chief ranger yet?
I met him.
I seen him.
I saw him too.
Piece of shit.
He walks like
he's got a stick up his butt.
[CHATTER AND LAUGHTER]
[COUGHING]
[CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY]
I'll show you how.
Silly bastard boy.
-[CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY]
-[WHISTLING]
[LAUGHING]
[CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY]
Hold it. Hold it.
hold it!
Hold it!
But that bastard.
that bastard might
be looking for us
if they found
Harvey's body.
Huh?
Maybe so.
All right. you guys.
Hold it right there.
Get your hands up.
Drop the knife.
Drop it! Now turn around.
[LAUGHING]
[CHUCKLING]
Jesus. Drew.
you clobbered a ranger.
So what? You'd rather spend
five years in the can?
-Let's go!
-Come on. Let's get
the hell out of here. huh?
Get it! Make sure
you get everything.
Get us out of here.
DREW: Hurry up! Hurry up!
-Come on.
-All right!
-Come on. Take your bag.
-My bag.
LUKE: Hurry. hurry. Come on!
Oh. shit.
[GRIZZLY BREATHING HEAVILY]
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
[ROARING]
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
[GRIZZLY ROARING]
[SCREAMING]
Got to get to her before she...
-What?
-That's not all
we've gotta get to.
What?
Pete could've handled
a grizzly. I know it.
[SOFTLY] I know.
He had no weapon. Sam.
Even his radio was gone.
Yeah. somebody else got to him
before the grizzly did.
Poachers. [SOFTLY] Poachers.
We found their last camp site
just around the bend.
I don't know how the law
looks at it. Sam.
As far as I'm concerned.
they murdered him.
It started this whole cycle
of destruction.
God. I hate them.
[SERENE MUSIC PLAYING]
[MUSIC INTENSIFIES]
[MUSIC FADES]
-What's this?
-This must be him.
I think so.
You Karl Bouchard?
BOUCHARD: That may be.
I'm Nick Hollister.
Summer National Park.
This is Samantha Owens.
Bear Management.
I'm finished
with grizzlies.  monsieur.
Mademoiselle.  finished.
Tarzan's obviously got
better things to do.
Pete Taylor told me about you.
You remember Pete?
Good man.
I know him in Canada years ago.
Other times.
And now?
He was killed this afternoon
by a grizzly trapped in a cage.
[GRUNTING]
[CONTINUES GRUNTING]
[PANTS. EXHALES]
So. you got a problem
with a little grizzly. huh?
How many she killed so far?
Five.
Including Pete.
It's not a little grizzly.
It's a big grizzly.
[SCOFFS] You ain't never seen
no big grizzly.
Miss Bear Management.
Bouchard seen.
You can't believe is how big.
Bouchard see one once.
This grizzly's claw marks reach
18 feet off the ground.
Don't mean nothing.
Bears climb.
Twenty-seven inches.
the rear pads.
Eighteen inches the fore.
On firm soil. three inches deep.
And the distance
between the rear feet...
Eight feet.
It's true?
Very bad.
You got the devil bear.
[UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING
IN DISTANCE]
MAN: All right.
Here we go. Rehearsals.
So good. so pure. so kind
[GIRLS VOCALIZING]
So impossible
So good. so pure. so kind
Perfection...
[SINGING INCOHERENTLY]
Hey. hey. man. hey. hey.
Wanna buy some herbs?
It's good herbs. man.
All the way from Hawaii.
Buy some sinsemilla. man.
Some pure sinsemilla
from Jamaica.
Yeah. rip your brains
apart. man.
Nah. nah.
I don't want none of that.
RASTAFARIAN:
It's real good stuff.
I thought I told you not to come
around my concerts anymore.
Yeah. I'm clean. man.
I'm selling
religious literature. man.
Yeah. well. I think you better
move you ass down the road
before I have to draw in
some heavy muscle on you.
RASTAFARIAN: I've changed man.
I'm a different person.
-I'm a different man.
-Move!
All right. I'm moving.
I'm moving.
[ALL VOCALIZING]
Welcome to the world
of automation
Everything is free
No love
Only pleasure
You can be who you want to be
[ALL VOCALIZING]
Welcome to the land of...
[UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING]
[SCREAMS]
Get up
Get up on the floor
Come on!
Get up
Get up on the floor
Whoo!
Get up
Get up on the floor!
Let's go!
[UPBEAT MUSIC CONTINUES]
[ELECTRONIC MUSIC PLAYS]
[SINGING IN ELECTRONIC VOICE]
[ELECTRONIC MUSIC
CONTINUES PLAYING]
I'm right behind you now.
You're a she-devil.
[OWL HOOTS]
[GROANS] It stinks.
[GRUNTS]
Grizzly love the rotten meat.
There is a saying in the forest.
The pine needle falls...
The eagle. she sees it.
Deer. she hears it.
And the bear...
She smells it.
That is how we catch her.
Come.
I got many traps to set.
[EXHALES]
NICK: Hills.
This guy loves hills.
He loves 'em.
[NICK PANTS]
NICK: You okay? I got it.
What is all this. Bouchard?
You gotta boil your traps
to get the man smell off them.
[GRUNTS] First. you boil 'em
in wood ashes.
Then. you boil them
in willow bark.
and aspen and some wild grass.
They gotta smell like the woods.
I wanna see how they work.
Bouchard show you how.
You gotta beat
the grizzly. see?
Play with him a bit.
Now. he's smart.
but you gotta be smarter.
You... You must...
See with his eyes.
Smell with his nose.
He come close. [SNIFFS]
He come closer.
[SNIFFS]
He come closer until...
[ROCK MUSIC PLAYING IN DISTANCE]
[ROCK MUSIC CONTINUES PLAYING]
[GROANS] I gotta take a piss.
When my kid brother
started poaching.
I knew it was because of me.
He always wanted to be
just like me.
I did everything I could
to stop him.
When I couldn't.
I taught him everything
I knew about it.
Especially how dangerous it was.
Hey. how about a couple
of more stakes down here. huh?
[SLOW MUSIC
PLAYING OVER HEADPHONES]
[GRIZZLY BREATHING HEAVILY]
[MUSIC CONTINUES]
[GRIZZLY CONTINUES
BREATHING HEAVILY]
[MUSIC CONTINUES PLAYING]
[CHUCKLES] Hello.
Hello.
I've been waiting for ya.
-Yeah?
-Mm-hmm.
-[PANTING]
-I wanted to talk to ya.
What's wrong?
Nothing. Nothing at all.
I just...
-[EXHALES]
-[SIGHS]
I just wanted to say...
We've had
such fun together and...
I like you a lot.
but I'm nothing.
I'm just a gypsy.
A clown. a juggler.
I got from town to town.
I do my show. and then I'm gone.
It's all a game. a laugh.
A joke.
Am I a game. a laugh and a joke?
Yes.
Okay.
[ALL CHEERING]
[ALL CHEERING RAUCOUSLY]
[CHEERING CONTINUES]
[FEMALE BAND MEMBERS
SINGING IN DISTANCE]
Where I do
Don't cry to your lover
You want semper fi
Semper fi. semper fi
God change your brother
Uh. when is
James Chadwick
arriving?
Oh. any minute.
He's arriving
with my next guest.
That was very thoughtful of you
to ask us here
and to arrange this meeting.
and I won't forget.
[SINGING CONTINUES IN DISTANCE]
Oh. I'd give almost anything
to change places with you.
Oh. not on your life.
I know when I'm well off.
Although I do miss
Washington sometimes.
You know. all the excitement
and the activity.
If the right thing came along.
I might consider going back.
but just temporarily.
[CHUCKLES]
Anyway. here are our fireworks.
And just wait till you see
the end of the show.
-It's something fantastic.
-I should look forward to that.
Hey. hey. hey. look.
nobody allowed in here.
I think you've made a mistake.
This is Senator
and Mrs. Thornton.
It don't matter who they are.
-What's your name?
-Rob.
Thank you.
[ALL CHEERING RAUCOUSLY]
Bouchard. we've been here
for hours.
You think we should check
the other traps?
Not yet.
They say
that grizzly was created
by the great Manitou.
But grizzly grew to be so strong
that even Manitou himself
had to flee to escape him.
In the beginning.
bear walk on two legs
like a man.
In those days.
he kill his prey with clubs
and not with teeth and claws.
You really believe
that garbage. don't you?
[SMACKS LIPS]
Grizzly is a beast from hell.
If you do not
know that now.
you will someday.
This is good place.
NICK: Let me ask you something.
How long do you think
it will take
before the bear steps
into the trap?
Oh. it's hard to say.
[GRUNTS]
But we know when it happen.
Trapped grizzly make
a bloodcurdling noise.
[CHUCKLES] It cry like devil.
It is a sound
that you will never forget.
[GRUNTS]
When I'm a boy.
no traps.
My grandfather. he teach me
how to hunt grizzly on horseback
with a riata.
A what?
Uh. a lasso
made out of horse hide.
Yeah. men hunt grizzlies
in that way in those days.
Skin string buckaroos.
them old boys was called.
One night... [CLEARS THROAT]
My grandfather take me
and a bunch of other hunters.
we kill maybe 25 grizzlies
that night.
The grizzlies. they come down
out of the hills.
They smell the meat.
We lasso them
by the neck.
by the foot.
and we pull.
Two horsemen to each bear.
We pull in opposite direction.
Pull
and pull
-and pull.
-Enough!
[BOUCHARD CHUCKLING]
Pardon. mademoiselle.
I forget that you have
delicate feelings.
But you know.
in nature there is always death.
Animal always killing animal.
But we're not animals.
Are we. Mr. Bouchard?
-[UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING]
-[CROWD CHEERING]
[MUSIC CONTINUES PLAYING]
[ALL VOCALIZING]
It's getting sour by the hour
Excuse me
Tough nut. don't crack
S  hake my tree
And I'll attack
No cut. skin deep
Secrets that you try to keep
I say hey hey you
Don't you break my shell
'Cause I know you well
I say hey hey you
Now I see the sign
I've got you finally beat
So baby walk those feet
You take the milk
From the coconut
Bye bye play thing did you
Have me dancing on a string?
Show time. bad turn
The party's over
Took me time to learn
I say hey hey you
Did you pop it again?
Now your bullet's done
I say hey hey you
Do you wanna shoot the fruit?
Well if you hit the shy
Y  ou're gonna run me dry
You take the milk
From the coconut
[HUFFING]
[GROWLING]
Grizzly.
Where's Sam?
NICK: Oh. my God.
Let me get my gun.
Sam?
Sam!
-Don't kill it!
-[GUNSHOT]
It's not an oversized grizzly!
-[GROWLING]
-My God. it's...
A male. You shot
the wrong grizzly!
Murdering butcher!
-Sam!
-The man's color blind
He can't even tell
what a male looks like.
-You bagged another trophy.
-NICK: Come on. that's enough.
-A tranquilizer gun would've...
-You should go now.
...worked just fine!
I told you
he's a butcher!
-That's enough.
-Leave this devil bear
to Bouchard.
[MAN OF WAR PLAYING]
[HUFFING]
Where'd you get the great idea
for the pits?
There was a French-Canadian
hunter by the name of Bouchard.
Did you ever hear of him?
Best damn grizzly hunter
around these parts.
His wife. two daughters
were killed by a grizzly.
He went loco.
Started dressing like an Indian.
talking like an Indian...
And he could
smell a bear miles away.
[CROWD CHEERING]
[ROCK MUSIC PLAYING]
[GROWLING]
[NEM SIKERUL
KIKURALNI MAGAM PLAYING]
Hello.
I'm not finished
with my work yet.
Can I at least have
about an hour?
Chrissy.
Midnight.
Okay. I already asked Liz
for a ride home.
She said it was okay.
All right. tell her not to take
the shortcut through the woods.
I want you to take the highway.
-All right?
-Okay.
-The kid's pretty good. huh?
-Who?
Frank Sinatra.
Daddy!
I just don't want you
to get hurt.
You don't have to
worry about me.
I'm a big girl now.
[PREPARE FOR TOMORROW PLAYING]
[THIS PLANET PLAYING]
[HUFFING]
Boys.
Get ready to spend your money
in San Francisco.
Billy said...
that four goes into...
a hundred thousand
25.000 apiece.
'cause he knows
I can't count too good.
But he also said...
that two goes in
half as much
so that's $50.000 apiece.
Luke!
[CROWD CHEERING]
[HUFFING]
[BEAR GROWLING]
[CROWD CHEERING]
[SOFT MUSIC PLAYING]
[BEAR GROWLING]
[MAN SCREAMING]
Look at this shit.
[LAUGHING]
Get the light!
Turn this light around!
Come on!
Holy shit!
Bernie. get the fire
extinguisher. Go. go. Come on!
Come on!
Hey! Hey! Come on!
[FIREWORKS EXPLODING]
Charlie. hold her.
Come on. you son of a bitch!
SAMANTHA: Nick! No!
Nick. no! No. Nick!
Nick! Nick!
[YELLING]
No!
[SCREAMING]
[DON'T GIVE ME WAR PLAYING]
War
Don't give me war
Give me action
Give me action...
SAMANTHA: No!
No. no.
please!
Don't give me war
Don't give me war...
Come on.
Come on. Right here.
Is that part of the show?
Yes. Yes. it is.
BAND MEMBER: Thank you!
Thank you!
[CROWD CHEERING]